Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
The following table sets forth information regarding our directors and executive officers:
Name
Age
Position
Joni Kahn
Chairperson (1)(2)(3)(4)
Kenneth Galaznik
Director (1)(2)(4)
Scott Landers
Director (1)(2)(3)(4)
Michael Taglich
Director
Roger Kahn
Director, President and Chief Executive Officer
Thomas R. Windhausen
Chief Financial Officer (5)
(1)
Member of the Audit Committee.
(2)
Member of the Compensation Committee.
(3)
Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee.
(4)
(5)
Independent director.
Mr. Windhausen was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer effective November 30, 2021, following the resignation of our former Chief Financial Officer, Mark G. Downey.
Biographies
Joni Kahn has been a member of our Board of Directors since April 2012. In May 2015, Ms. Kahn was appointed Chairperson of the Board of Directors. She also serves as the Chair of the Compensation Committee and is a member of the Audit and Nominating and Governance Committees. Ms. Kahn has over thirty years of operating experience with high growth software and services companies with specific expertise in the SaaS (Software as a Service), ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Applications, Business Intelligence and Analytics and Cybersecurity segments. From 2013 to 2015, Ms. Kahn was the Senior Vice President of Global Services for Big Machines, Inc., which was acquired by Oracle in October 2013. From 2007 to 2012, Ms. Kahn was Vice President of Services for HP’s Enterprise Security Software group. From 2005 to 2007, Ms. Kahn was the Executive Vice President at BearingPoint where she managed a team of over 3,000 professionals and was responsible for North American delivery of enterprise applications, systems integration and managed services solutions. Ms. Kahn also oversaw global development centers in India, China and the U.S. From 2002 to 2005, Ms. Kahn was the Senior Group Vice President for worldwide professional services for Business Objects, a business intelligence and analytics software maker based in San Jose, CA, where she led the applications and services division that supported that company's transformation from a products company to an enterprise solutions company. Business Objects was acquired by SAP in 2007. From 2000 to 2007, Ms. Kahn was a Member of the Board of Directors for MapInfo, a global location intelligence solutions company. She was a member of MapInfo’s Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee. MapInfo was acquired by Pitney Bowes in 2007. From 1993 to 2000, Ms. Kahn was an Executive Vice President and Partner of KPMG Consulting, where she helped grow the firm’s consulting business from $700 million to $2.5 billion. Ms. Kahn received her B.B.A in Accounting from the University of Wisconsin - Madison. Ms. Kahn brings extensive leadership experience to our Board and our Audit Committee as an experienced senior executive. Ms. Kahn has over thirty years of executive level managerial, operational, and strategic planning experience leading world-class sales, service and support technology organizations. Her service on prior boards also provides financial and governance experience.
Ms. Kahn brings extensive leadership experience to our Board and our Audit Committee as an experienced senior executive. Ms. Kahn has over thirty years of executive level managerial, operational, and strategic planning experience leading world-class sales, service and support technology organizations. Her service on prior boards also provides financial and governance experience.
The Board of Directors has determined that Ms. Kahn’s vast experience in the technology industry and finance, as well as her executive leadership, makes her qualified to continue as the Chairperson and member of our Board of Directors.
Kenneth Galaznik has been a member of our Board of Directors since 2006. Mr. Galaznik is the Chairman of the Company’s Audit Committee and serves as a member of the Compensation Committee. From 2005 to 2016, Mr. Galaznik was the Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of American Science and Engineering, Inc., a publicly held supplier of X-ray inspection and screening systems with a public market cap of over $200 million. Mr. Galaznik retired from his position at American Science and Engineering on March 31, 2016. From August 2002 to February 2005, Mr. Galaznik was Vice President of Finance of American Science and Engineering, Inc. From November 2001 to August 2002, Mr. Galaznik was self-employed as a consultant. From March 1999 to September 2001, he served as Vice President of Finance at Spectro Analytical Instruments, Inc. and has more than 35 years of experience in accounting and finance positions. Mr. Galaznik holds a B.B.A. degree in accounting from The University of Houston. Mr. Galaznik brings extensive experience to our Board and our Audit Committee as an experienced senior executive, a financial expert, and as a chief financial officer of a publicly-held company.
The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Galaznik’s deep experience in finance and his executive leadership make him qualified to continue as a member of our Board of Directors.
Scott Landers has been a member of our Board of Directors since 2010. Mr. Landers is the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and serves as a member of the Audit and Compensation Committees. Mr. Landers was President and Chief Executive Officer of Monotype Imaging Holdings, Inc. from 2016 to July 2021. He previously held the positions of Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer from 2008 to 2015. Monotype is a leading provider of fonts and font software, and the company was under both public and private ownership during his tenure. Prior to joining Monotype, from September 2007 until July 2008, Mr. Landers was the Vice President of Global Finance at Pitney Bowes Software, a $450 million division of Pitney Bowes, a leading global provider of location intelligence solutions. From 1997 until September 2007, Mr. Landers held several senior finance positions, including Vice President of Finance and Administration at MapInfo, a publicly held company which was acquired by Pitney Bowes in April 2007. Earlier in his career, Mr. Landers was a Business Assurance Manager with Coopers & Lybrand. Mr. Landers holds a bachelor's degree in accounting from Le Moyne College in Syracuse, N.Y. and a master’s degree in business administration from The College of Saint Rose in Albany, N.Y. Mr. Landers brings extensive experience to our Board and our Audit Committee as an experienced senior executive, a financial expert, and a chief executive officer and a chief financial officer of a publicly-held company.
Our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Lander’s financial skills, public-company experience, strategic business acumen and executive leadership make him qualified to continue as a member of our Board of Directors.
Michael Taglich has been a member of our Board of Directors since 2013. He is the Chairman and President of Taglich Brothers, Inc., a New York City based securities firm which he co-founded in 1992 with his brother Robert Taglich. Taglich Brothers, Inc. focuses on public and private micro-cap companies in a wide variety of industries. He is currently the Chairman of the Board of Air Industries Group Inc., a publicly traded aerospace and defense company (NYSE AIRI), and Mare Island Dry Dock Inc., a privately-held company. He also serves as a director of a number of other private companies. Michael Taglich brings extensive professional experience which spans various aspects of senior management, including finance, operations and strategic planning. Mr. Taglich has more than 30 years of financial industry experience and served on his first public company board over 20 years ago.
Our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Taglich’s executive strategic business skills in both private and public companies, as well as his experience leading and advising high-growth companies, make him qualified to continue as a member of our Board of Directors.
Roger Kahn has been a member of our Board of Directors since December 2017. Mr. Kahn joined the Company as the Chief Operating Officer in August 2015 and has been our President and Chief Executive Officer since May 2016. Prior to joining Bridgeline Digital, Mr. Kahn co-founded FatWire, a leading content management and digital engagement company. As the General Manager and Chief Technology Officer of FatWire, Mr. Kahn built the company into a global corporation with offices in thirteen countries. FatWire was acquired by Oracle in 2011. Mr. Kahn received his Ph.D. in Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence from the University of Chicago.
Our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Kahn’s vast experience as a successful entrepreneur in the technology space, as well as his technical and leadership acumen, make him qualified to continue as a member of our Board of Directors.
Thomas Windhausen has served as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since November 2021. Prior to that he served as the Company’s VP of Finance since October 2021. Mr. Windhausen comes to Bridgeline with more than 20 years of experience in both public accounting and industry. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Windhausen served as a VP of Finance with Comtech Telecommunications Corp. from July 2019 to September 2021, and from June 2011 to June 2019, Mr. Windhausen held various accounting and finance roles with Dealertrack Technologies, Inc., and its successor Cox Automotive Inc. Mr. Windhausen started his career at PricewaterhouseCoopers, where he spent more than 10 years. He received his Bachelor’s of Science degree in Accounting from Le Moyne College in Syracuse, N.Y. and he is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants.
There are no family relationships between any of the directors and the Company’s executive officers, including between Ms. Joni Kahn and Mr. Roger Kahn, the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer.
Section 16(A) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Section 16(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) requires the Company’s executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of a registered class of the Company’s equity securities (collectively, the “Reporting Persons”) to file certain reports regarding ownership of, and transactions in, the Company’s securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). These officers, directors and stockholders are also required by SEC rules to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports that they file with the SEC. With respect to fiscal 2021 and 2020 and based solely on its review of the copies of such forms and amendments thereto received by it, the Company believes that all of the executive officers, directors, and owners of ten percent of the outstanding Common Stock complied with all applicable filing requirements.
Code of Conduct and Ethics
The Company's Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Ethics within the meaning of Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act that applies to all of the Company's officers and employees, including its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. The Code of Ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern the Company's business. A copy of the Code of Ethics is available on the Company's website www.bridgeline.com. The Company intends to post amendments to or waivers from its Code of Ethics (to the extent applicable to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer) on its website. The Company's website is not part of this proxy statement.
Committees of the Board of Directors
The Company has an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee assists the Board in the oversight of the audit of our consolidated financial statements and the quality and integrity of our accounting, auditing and financial reporting processes. The Audit Committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board concerning the selection and engagement of independent registered public accountants and for reviewing the scope of the annual audit, audit fees, results of the audit and auditor independence. The Audit Committee also reviews and discusses with management and the Board such matters as accounting policies, internal accounting controls and procedures for preparation of financial statements. Our Audit Committee is comprised of Mr. Galaznik (Chair), Ms. Kahn and Mr. Landers. Our Board has determined that each of the members of the Audit Committee meet the criteria for independence under the standards provided by the Nasdaq Stock Market. The Board of Directors has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee. A copy of such charter is available on the Company's website, www.bridgeline.com. During Fiscal 2021, the Audit Committee met five times. Each member of the Audit Committee attended each such meeting. The Chairman of the Audit Committee was present at all meetings.
Audit Committee Financial Expert. Our Board has also determined that each of Mr. Galaznik and Mr. Landers qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" as defined under Item 407(d) (5) of Regulation S-K and as an independent director as defined by the Nasdaq listing standards.
Compensation Committee
The Compensation Committee evaluates the performance of our senior executives, considers the design and competitiveness of our compensation plans, including the review of independent research and data regarding compensation paid to executives of public companies of similar size and geographic location, reviews and approves senior executive compensation and administers our equity compensation plans. In addition, the Committee also conducts reviews of executive compensation to ensure compliance with Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Our Compensation Committee is comprised of Ms. Kahn (Chair), Mr. Galaznik and Mr. Landers, all of whom are independent directors. The Board of Directors has adopted a written charter for the Compensation Committee. A copy of such charter is available on the Company's website, www.bridgeline.com. During Fiscal 2021, the Compensation Committee met four times and acted three times by unanimous written consent.
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
The Nominating and Governance Committee identifies candidates for future Board membership and proposes criteria for Board candidates and candidates to fill Board vacancies, as well as a slate of directors for election by the shareholders at each annual meeting. The Nominating and Governance Committee also annually assesses and reports to the Board on Board and Board Committee performance and effectiveness and reviews and makes recommendations to the Board concerning the composition, size and structure of the Board and its committees. A copy of such charter is available on the Company's website, www.bridgeline.com. Our Nominating and Governance Committee is comprised of Mr. Landers (Chair) and Ms. Kahn, each of whom are independent directors. During Fiscal 2021, the Nominating and Governance Committee met four times.