Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Directors and Executive Officers
The following table sets forth certain information regarding the directors and executive officers of PAID:
Name
Age
Position
W. Austin Lewis, IV
Interim CEO, CFO
David Scott
COO
Andrew Pilaro
Director
Laurie Bradley
Director
David Ogden
Director
Andrew Pilaro was elected as of September 19, 2000, for a term expiring at the 2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified. On March 27, 2021, the Company amended its Bylaws to reduce the existing Board of Directors from five positions to three positions. At that time, W. Austin Lewis, IV and Allan Pratt automatically rolled off from the Board of Directors. Under Delaware law, unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation or bylaws, directors are elected for one-year terms at the annual meeting of shareholders. The Amended Bylaws would provide for the Board to be divided into three classes of directors serving staggered three-year terms. As a result, approximately one-third of the Board will be elected each year. Initially, three directors will serve between one-to-three-year terms. The directors placed in a Class I position will serve for approximately one year. The directors placed in a Class II position will serve for approximately two years. The directors placed in a Class III position will serve approximately three years. After this transitional arrangement, the Directors will serve for three-year terms, with one class being elected each year.
Andrew Pilaro has served as a Director of PAID since September 2000. He is President of CAP Properties Limited, a family office which is an investment management company, with a primary responsibility for asset management. Mr. Pilaro was asked to serve as a director because he provides investment management skills and a general business background.
W. Austin Lewis, IV currently serves as CFO, interim CEO of PAID and previously served as the Chairman of the Audit Committee for MAM Software, Inc. (MAMS). Since 2004, Mr. Lewis has served as Chief Executive Officer of Lewis Asset Management Corporation, an investment management company he founded, where he is also the General Partner of the Lewis Opportunity Fund. Prior to founding Lewis Asset Management, Mr. Lewis held a variety of positions with investment firms, including Puglisi & Co., Thompson Davis & Co., and Branch Cabell & Company. Mr. Lewis holds a Bachelor of Science in Finance and a Bachelor of Science in Financial Economics from James Madison University. Mr. Lewis was asked to serve as the interim CEO because he had a thorough knowledge of the Company’s strengths and weaknesses and has a strong background in being able to make companies run efficiently and successfully.
David Ogden is the CEO of Soho Management Consulting, a global investment consulting firm. David held many senior positions with FedEx, including Managing Director of Sales for FedEx Middle East and Africa region based in Dubai, and instrumental in India's launch as a direct served FedEx location. He was Managing Director of FedEx Logistics in the Middle East and Africa and was responsible for the region's first FedEx Logistics subsidiary's start-up. After FedEx, he moved to Egypt, where he created a group of companies representing best-of-class business support services under a group holding company. After Egypt, he moved to Abu Dhabi to work for an alternative investment company developing warehousing and logistics parks in the United Arab Emirates. He has recently been working with ecommerce ventures from around the world.
Laurie Bradley is the Chief Executive Officer of Flexible Support Group providing funding, accounting, and payroll services to small and mid-size businesses across North America. Ms. Bradley also retains ownership in ASG Renaissance and serves as its President. ASG sold it staffing and contracting business in 2016 and now operates with a focus on executive search, and consulting services that delivers training to assist clients with their diversity and inclusion initiatives. The ASG consulting practice also leverages the 2007 Mosaic Advantage initiative which aggregated a network of minority, women, and veteran owned businesses providing them with access to larger business opportunities, coaching, mentoring and financial services. Ms. Bradley has worked in both the public and private sectors specializing in talent management, executive leadership, and advisory services. Ms. Bradley holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from McMaster University and a certificate in Business Strategy from Cornell University.
David Scott currently serves as COO of PAID. Prior, he served as the Director of Technology joining the Company in 2017. Mr. Scott leads the Development and IT teams from requirements through to implementation while supporting Sales, Marketing & Customer Success. Mr. Scott has completed courses in Computer Science at both Mohawk College and McMaster University.
The Company has not made any material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors. The Board does not have a separate nominating committee.
Audit Committee
The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted rules to implement certain requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 pertaining to public company audit committees. One of the rules requires a company to disclose whether it has an “audit committee financial expert” serving on its audit committee. Based on its review of the criteria of an audit committee financial expert under the rule adopted by the SEC, the Board of Directors does not believe that any member of the Board of Directors' Audit Committee would be described as an audit committee financial expert. At this time, the Board of Directors believes it would be desirable for the Audit Committee to have an audit committee financial expert serving on the committee. While from time to time informal discussions as to potential candidates have occurred, no formal search process has commenced. Andrew Pilaro, one of the Company’s independent directors, is the sole member of the audit committee. The audit committee does not have a charter.
Audit Committee Report
The Audit Committee reviewed and discussed our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020 with our management. The Audit Committee also reviewed and discussed our audited consolidated financial statements and the matters required to be discussed, by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (“PCAOB”), including material weaknesses and other internal control deficiencies with KMJ Corbin & Company LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee received from KMJ Corbin & Company LLP the written disclosures and letter required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent accountant's communications with the audit committee concerning independence, and has discussed with the independent accountant the independent accountant's independence.
Based on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to our Board of Directors that our audited consolidated financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020.
The Audit Committee
Andrew Pilaro
Code of Ethics
The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of its directors, officers, and employees, including its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A written copy of the Company's Code of Ethics will be provided to anyone, free of charge, upon request to: W. Austin Lewis, CFO, PAID, Inc., 225 Cedar Hill Street, Marlborough, Massachusetts 01752.
Any waiver of the code of business conduct and ethics for directors or executive officers, or any amendment to the code that applies to directors or executive officers, may only be made by the board of directors. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this code of ethics by posting such information on our website, at the address and location specified above. To date, no such waivers have been requested or granted.
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company's directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than 10% of the Company's outstanding Common Stock to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of Common Stock. These persons are required by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all such reports they file. To the Company's knowledge, based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to the Company and representations that no other reports were required, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to its officers and directors and beneficial owners of more than 10% of the Company's stock, have been complied with for the period which this Form 10-K relates.