ITEM 10.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Officers and Board of Directors
Our Bylaws provide that the number of directors who shall constitute the whole board shall be such number as the Board of Directors shall at the time have designated. We confirm that the number of authorized directors has been set at five pursuant to our bylaws. Each director shall be selected for a term of one year and until his successor is elected and qualified.
Vacancies are filled by a majority vote of the remaining directors then in office with the successor elected for the unexpired term and until the successor is elected and qualified.
The names and ages of our directors and officers, and their positions, are as follows:
Name
Age*
Position within the Company
Term
Mr. Frank I Igwealor
Chairman, Director and Chief Executive and Financial Officer
December 2019 to present
Mr. Patience Ogbozor
Director
December 2019 to present
Bishop Christopher E Milton
Director
November 2020 to present
Dr. Solomon K.S. Mbagwu
Director
November 2020 to present
*Age as at December 31, 2020.
Term of Office
Each of our directors is appointed to hold office until the next annual meeting of our shareholders or until his respective successor is elected and qualified, or until she resigns or is removed in accordance with the provisions of the Delaware Statues. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board of directors or until their resignation.
Background and Business Experience
The business experience during the past five years of the persons listed above as an Officer or Director of the Company either presently or during the year ended December 31, 2020 is as follows:
Frank Igwealor, CPA, CMA, JD, MBA, MSRM is a financial manager with broad technical and management experience in accounting, finance, and business advisory. Mr. Igwealor is a Certified Financial Manager, Certified Management Accountant, Certified Public Accountant and a practicing Attorney in California.
Frank has an extensive freelance consulting experience for public companies. As a CPA, CMA, CFM consultant, Frank have provided top-level financial reporting, Accounting, SEC Reporting, Business Valuation, Mergers & Acquisitions, GAAP/ IFRS Conversion, Pre IPO/RTO Prep, 280E Tax, and Biological Assets Valuation. Frank have substantial experience with Section 280E of the Internal Revenue Code, having worked for/with startup investors and helped them analyze the COGS and operating expenses. Frank has been part of a team that shepherded both big and small startup investments through the required audit and conducted all the filings to take them public through IPO, DPO or RTO transactions.
Ms. Patience C. Ogbozor, Director: Ms. Ogbozor is the President and CEO of Cannabinoid Biosciences since November 2018. Ms. Ogbozor is a Director of the Company. Ms. Ogbozor also serves as a director at Goldstein Franklin Inc., Kid Castle Educational Corporation, Video Rivers Networks, Inc. and Opportunity Zone Capital LLC. Prior to joining the company’s board, Ms. Ogbozor was with New Haven Pharmacy, Abuja, from 2013 to 2015.
Bishop Christopher E. Milton, Joined our board in November 2020. Bishop Milton is the Senior Pastor at Holy Assembly Church of God in Christ, 55 East Villa Street. Pasadena, CA 91103. Bishop Milton is Jurisdictional Prelate Southern California Evangelistic jurisdiction of The Church of God in Christ, Inc. (COGIC) in the United States. Bishop Milton is an accomplished accountant and finance professional by training and practice. He is the current Chairman of the Internal Audit Committee of the Board of Bishops of The Church of God in Christ, Inc. (COGIC) in the United States. Bishop Milton has been elected to chair the Audit Committee of GiveMePower Corporation.
Dr. Solomon KN Mbagwu, Chairman: Solomon KN Mbagwu, MD, is a Director of the Company. Dr. Mbagwu joined the Company’s board of directors in October 2019. Dr. Mbagwu is a medical practitioner in Los Angeles, California. In the last twenty four years, Dr. Mbagwu has owned and operated two medical clinics in South Los Angeles. Prior to starting and running his own clinics, Dr. Mbagwu has over ten years of experience in community healthcare management; delivering babies and performing numerous obstetrical and gynecological surgeries while working at Centinela Hospital in Inglewood and other community health centers across Los Angeles County. Dr. Mbagwu graduated from the University Of California, San Francisco, School Of Medicine in 1979. Since finishing his residency at King Drew Medical Center, Los Angeles, in 1983, Dr. Mbagwu has actively practiced medicine in Los Angeles County. Dr. Mbagwu is certified by the Board of Obstetrics and Gynecology since 1988.
All directors hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and the election and qualification of their successors. Officers are elected annually by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board.
Board Committees
Our board of directors expects to create an audit committee, compensation committee, and nominations and governance committee during fiscal 2022, in compliance with established corporate governance requirements. Currently, we have no “independent” directors, as that term is defined under Nasdaq listing rules.
Audit Committee. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we establish an audit committee of the board of directors. The audit committee are primarily responsible for reviewing the services performed by our independent registered public accounting firm and evaluating our accounting policies and our system of internal controls. Bishop Milton is the Chair of our Audit Committee.
Compensation Committee. We plan to establish a compensation committee of the board of directors. The compensation committee would review and approve our salary and benefits policies, including compensation of executive officers. The compensation committee would also administer any future incentive compensation plans, and recommend and approve grants of stock options, restricted stock and other awards under any such plan.
Nominations and Governance Committee. We plan to establish a nominations and governance committee of the board of directors. The purpose of the nominations and governance committee would be to select, or recommend for our entire board’s selection, the individuals to stand for election as directors at the annual meeting of stockholders and to oversee the selection and composition of committees of our board. The nominations and governance committee’s duties would also include considering the adequacy of our corporate governance and overseeing and approving management continuity planning processes.
To date, our full board, rather than any of the committees, has performed all of these functions.
Indebtedness of Directors and Executive Officers
None of our directors or officers or their respective associates or affiliates is indebted to us.
Family Relationships
Except for Patience and Frank who have spousal relationship, none of our directors are related to any of our other directors and none have any pending legal claims or litigation against them.
Legal Proceedings
From time to time we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of the operation of our business in the normal course of business. Other than as described below, as of the date of this filing we are not aware of potential dispute or pending litigation and are not currently involved in a litigation proceeding or governmental actions the outcome of which in management’s opinion would be material to our financial condition or results of operations. An adverse result in these or other matters may have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results.
As of December 31, 2020, there was no material proceeding to which any of our directors, officers, affiliates or stockholders is a party adverse to us. During the past ten years, no present director, executive officer or person nominated to become a director or an executive officer of us:
(1) had a petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or within ten years before the time of such filing;
(2) was convicted in a criminal proceeding or subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses);
(3) was subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any of the following activities:
i. acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity;
ii. engaging in any type of business practice; or
iii. engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of federal or state securities laws or federal commodities laws; or
(4) was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of an federal or state authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph (3) (i), above, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; or
(5) was found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and for which the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated.
Employment Agreements
We do not currently have an employment agreement with Frank I Igwealor, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, or with any of our other officers or directors, and do not intend to do so until such time as we deem it prudent. Our officers do not currently receive a (money) salary for their services, and we do not yet recognize compensation expense in our financial statements.
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of our Common Stock and other equity securities, on Form 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10% shareholders are required by the SEC regulations to furnish our company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Mr. Igwealor has filed all required reports under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act.
Code of Ethics
We have adopted a corporate code of ethics. We believe our code of ethics is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct; provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in public reports; comply with applicable laws; ensure prompt internal reporting of code violations; and provide accountability for adherence to the code. We adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct which is applicable to our future employees and which also includes a Code of Ethics for our chief executive and principal financial officers and any persons performing similar functions. A code of ethics is a written standard designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote:
·
honest and ethical conduct,
·
full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in regulatory filings and public statements,
·
compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations,
·
the prompt reporting violation of the code, and
·
accountability for adherence to the code.
Our adopted a code of ethics applies to all our directors, officers and employees. Our code of ethics is intended to comply with the requirements of Item 406 of Regulation S-K.
We will provide our code of ethics in print without charge to any stockholder who makes a written request to Frank I Igwealor, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, at GiveMePower Corporation, 370 Amapola Ave., Suite 200A, Torrance, CA 90501. Any waivers of the application, and any amendments to, our code of ethics must be made by our board of directors. Any waivers of, and any amendments to, our code of ethics will be disclosed promptly on our Internet website.