Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The following table sets forth the names, ages and current positions with the Company held by our Directors and Executive Officers.
NAME
AGE
POSITION OR OFFICE WITH THE COMPANY
DIRECTOR SINCE
Frederick Jones
President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer and Director
June 29, 2018
We are not aware of any arrangement or understanding between Mr. Jones and any other person pursuant to which he was elected or appointed to his current positions. Neither Mr. Jones nor any immediate family member of Mr. Jones has been a participant in any transaction or currently proposed transaction with the Company that is reportable under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.
Due to his status as material stockholder of Delfin, which is our controlling stockholder, and his willingness to serve without compensation, we believe Mr. Jones is in the best position to serve as our director until such time that our controlling stockholder determines the direction of the Company.
Frederick Jones, 73, has been involved in international commodity trading, energy infrastructure, real estate, and oil and gas businesses for approximately 47 years. Mr. Jones was one of the early investors in U.S. shale gas. For approximately the past seven (7) years, Mr. Jones has served, and continues to serve, as the Chief Executive Officer of Fairwood Peninsula Energy Corporation (“Fairwood”), a midstream liquefied natural gas company. Fairwood is a material stockholder of our controlling stockholder, Delfin Midstream, Inc. (“Delfin”). Mr. Jones was a founder of Fairwood and is currently a material Delfin stockholder. In 2019, Mr. Jones became the CEO of Energy Global Services FZE and Asiatic Gas Energy Holdings Limited, two companies privately owned by Mr. Jones and that primarily handle Mr. Jones’ private investments. He was also a founding stockholder in Marc Rich + Co A.G., Switzerland, now known as Glencore Plc.
Mr. Jones will serve as a director until the next annual meeting of stockholders of the Company and until his successor is duly elected and qualified or until his earlier death, resignation or removal.
Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities, to file certain reports regarding ownership of, and transactions in, our securities with the SEC. Such officers, directors, and 10% stockholders are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file.
Based solely on our review of copies of Forms 3 and 4 and any amendments furnished to us pursuant to Rule 16a-3(e) and any written representations referred to in Item 405(b)(2)(i) of Regulation S-K stating that no Forms 5 were required, we believe that, during the 2020 fiscal year, our officers, directors and all persons owning more than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities have complied with all Section 16(a) applicable filing requirements.
Code of Ethics
We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our officers, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and any other persons performing similar functions. The Code of Ethics will be provided free of charge by the Company to interested parties upon request. Requests should be made in writing and directed to the Company at the following address: 14643 Dallas Parkway, Suite 650, Dallas, TX 75254, Attention: Frederick Jones.
Board Meetings
Including unanimous written actions of the Board, the Board met 2 times in 2020
Committees
Our Company currently does not have nominating, compensation, or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our Company have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. As a shell company, we believe that it is not necessary to have such committees at this time because the Board can adequately perform the functions of such committees.
Audit. We believe that our Board can adequately perform the functions of an audit committee. As a smaller reporting company with no material operations or assets, and due to the lack of financial resources available to us, we do not have a Board member that qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in Item 407(D)(5) of Regulation S-K, nor do we have a Board member that qualifies as “independent” within the meaning of applicable Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards, including any heightened independence requirements specific to audit committee members. We believe that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an “audit committee financial expert” would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given our lack of material operations or assets.
Compensation. Because the Company currently has no material operations and none of its executive officers in 2020 received a salary, we do not believe it is necessary to have a compensation committee at this time. We believe that our Board can adequately perform the functions of a compensation committee. Due to his status as an officer of the Company, our sole director is not “independent” within the meaning of applicable Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards, including any heightened independence requirements specific to compensation committee members.
Director Nominations. As noted above, the Board does not have a separate nominating committee. Rather, our Board considers and nominates directors for election. We do not believe the Company would derive any significant benefit from a separate nominating committee. Due to his status as an officer of the Company, our sole director is not “independent” as defined in the applicable Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards.
In recommending director candidates in the future (including director candidates recommended by stockholders), the Board intends to take into consideration such factors as it deems appropriate based on the Company’s current needs. These factors may include diversity, age, skills, decision-making ability, inter-personal skills, experience with businesses and other organizations of comparable size, community activities and relationships, and the interrelationship between the candidate’s experience and business background, and other Board members’ experience and business background, whether such candidate would be considered “independent,” as such term is defined in the Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards, as well as the candidate’s ability to devote the required time and effort to serve on the Board.
The Board will consider for nomination by the Board director candidates recommended by stockholders if the stockholders comply with the following requirements. Under our By-Laws, if a stockholder wishes to nominate a director at the annual meeting, we must receive the stockholder’s written notice not less than 60 days nor more than 90 days prior to the date of the annual meeting, unless we give our stockholders less than 70 days’ notice of the date of our annual meeting. If we provide less than 70 days’ notice, then we must receive the stockholder’s written notice by the close of business on the 10th day after we provide notice of the date of the annual meeting. The notice must contain the specific information required in our By-Laws. A copy of our By-Laws may be obtained by writing to the Company. If we receive a stockholder’s proposal within the time periods required under our By-Laws, we may choose, but are not required, to include it in our proxy statement. If we do, we may tell the other stockholders what we think of the proposal, and how we intend to use our discretionary authority to vote on the proposal. All proposals should be made in writing and sent via registered, certified or express mail, to our executive offices, 14643 Dallas Parkway, Suite 650, Dallas, TX 75254 Attention: Frederick Jones.
Stockholder Communications with the Board of Directors. Any stockholder who wishes to send communications to the Board should mail them addressed to the intended recipient by name or position in care of: theglobe.com, inc., 14643 Dallas Parkway, Suite 650, Dallas, TX 75254 Attention: Frederick Jones. Upon receipt of any such communications, Mr. Jones will determine the identity of the intended recipient and whether the communication is an appropriate stockholder communication. Then Mr. Jones will send all appropriate stockholder communications to the intended recipient. An “appropriate stockholder communication” is a communication from a person claiming to be a stockholder in the communication, the subject of which relates solely to the sender’s interest as a stockholder and not to any other personal or business interest.
In the case of communications addressed to the Board, the Company will send appropriate stockholder communications to the Board. In the case of communications addressed to any particular directors, the Company will send appropriate stockholder communications to such director.
Attendance at Annual Meetings
The Board encourages, but does not require, its directors to attend the Company’s annual meeting of stockholders. The Company did not hold an annual meeting last year.