ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
On March 25, 2020, John Blaisure was terminated. Greg Halpern took on the duties of President and Chief Executive Officer.
Our executive officers and directors and their respective ages are as follows:
NAME AGE
POSITION
Chairman, President, Chief Executive
Greg Halpern
Officer & Chief Financial Officer
Set forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our executive officers and directors for the past five years.
Greg Halpern, Chairman, CFO & Founder
Greg Halpern is the founder and visionary of MAX-D. Over the course of his tenure, Mr. Halpern has made loans, lines of credit and done equity conversions with the Company in excess of $2,500,000.
Greg Halpern is the founder of Max Sound Corporation From 1997 to 2001 Mr. Halpern was the CEO of Circle Group Internet, Inc. (CRGQ: OTCBB).
From 2002 to 2005, Mr. Halpern was the Chief Executive Officer of Circle Group Holdings Inc. (AMEX: CXN, formerly CRGQ.OB) and continued to be the CEO after it changed its name to Z-Trim Holdings Inc. (AMEX: ZTM) from 2006 - 2007. Circle Group was a venture capital firm for emerging technology companies which provided small business infrastructure, funding and intellectual capital to bring timely life-changing technologies to market through all early phases of the commercialization process. Mr. Halpern’s efforts there were focused on acquiring life improving technologies and bringing these products to the marketplace. In 2003, Mr. Halpern and his wife founded an unincorporated non-profit organization “People for Ultimate Kindness Toward All Living Creatures on Earth” whose purpose is and has been to identify problems on earth and those who are working to solve them. The Ultimate Kindness is a non-profit organization independent from the So Act Network. The Ultimate Kindness and the So Act Network share no financial interest or otherwise. In 2007, Mr. Halpern resigned from his position at Z-Trim Holdings and took a one (1) year sabbatical from business touring the Continental United States in his RV with his family. Currently, Mr. Halpern serves as the Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Max Sound Corporation and devotes approximately 50 hours each week to the management and operations of Max Sound Corporation.
Term of Office
Our directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board.
Current Issues and Future Management Expectations
No board audit committee has been formed as of the filing of this Annual Report.
Compliance With Section 16(A) Of The Exchange Act.
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company’s officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of a registered class of the Company’s equity securities, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are required to furnish copies to the Company. To the best of the Company’s knowledge, any reports required to be filed were timely filed in fiscal year ended December 31, 2020.
Code of Ethics
The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.